Update how to deployment (#445)
Substra/substra-documentation: docs/source/how-to/deploying-substra/walkthrough/40-connect-organizations.rst

in ``backend-biotechnica-values.yaml``.

> For linking organizations we also provide a small using the small utility on the Substra backend server. Follow these steps on each organization to achive the same result:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For linking organizations we also provide a small utility on the Substra backend server. Follow these steps on each organization to achieve the same result:
```
